docs/index.rst, before:

Welcome to Flask-KVsession's documentation!
===========================================
Flask-KVSession is a drop-in replacement for `Flask
<http://flask.pocoo.org>`_'s signed cookie-based session management. Instead of
storing data on the client, only a securely generated ID is stored on the
client, while the actual session data resides on the server.

This has two major advantages:

* Clients no longer see the session information
* It is possible to securely destroy sessions. Even if the session cookie is
  stolen, it is no longer possible to use the session.

Other things are possible with server side session that are impossible with
clients side sessions, like inspecting and manipulating data in absence of the
client. The drawback is that sessions need to be stored. Flask-KVSession uses
the `simplekv <http://github.com/mbr/simplekv>`_-package for storing session
data on a variety of backends.

Integration with Flask is seamless, once the extension is loaded for a Flask
application, it transparently replaces (or rather, extends) Flask's own Session
class for this instance. Any application working with sessions should work the
same with Flask-KVSession.

Example use
-----------
.. code-block:: python

   from flask import Flask
   from simplekv.fs import FilesystemStore
   from flaskext.kvsession import KVSessionExtension

   # The process running Flask needs write access to this directory:
   sessions_directory = '/tmp/flask-sessions'
   store = FilesystemStore(sessions_directory)

   app = Flask(__name__)

   # this will replace the app's session handling
   KVSessionExtension(store, app)

The snippet above will activate KVSession, from now on all session data will be
stored in the :class:`~simplekv.KeyValueStore` supplied to the
:class:`~flaskext.kvsession.KVSessionExtension` constructor.

Configuration
-------------
The following flask configuration values are honored by
:class:`~flaskext.kvsession.KVSessionExtension` and
:class:`~flaskext.kvsession.KVSession`:

.. tabularcolumns:: |p{6.5cm}|p{8.5cm}|

============================== ================================================
``SESSION_KEY_BITS``           The size of the random integer to be used when
                               generating random session ids through
                               :func:`~flaskext.kvsession.generate_session_key`
                               . Defaults to 64.
``SESSION_RANDOM_SOURCE``      An object supporting
                               :func:`random.getrandbits`, used as a random
                               source by the module. If not set, an instance of
                               :class:`random.SystemRandom` is used.
``PERMANENT_SESSION_LIFETIME`` When making a session permanent through
                               :data:`KVSession.permanent`, it will live this
                               long (specified by a
                               :class:`~datetime.timedelta` object).
``SECRET_KEY``                 The Flask ``SECRET_KEY`` is used to sign session
                               ids that are stored in cookies in the users
                               browser to making brute-force guessing a lot
                               harder.
``SESSION_COOKIE_NAME``        The same cookie name as Flask's default
                               session's is used for server-side sessions.
============================== ================================================

API reference
-------------
.. automodule:: flaskext.kvsession
   :members:


Changes
-------

Version 0.4
~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Now requires Flask version >= 0.8, obsoleting some legacy version
    workarounds.

Version 0.3.2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Hotfix: Calling session.regenerate() on the first request should no longer
    cause an exception.

Version 0.3.1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Hotfix: Create empty KVSessions instead of NullSessions when a session is
    invalid or missing.

Version 0.3
~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Use pickle insteaed of json as the serialization method.
  - First occurence of changelog in docs.

Version 0.2
~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Complete rewrite.

Commit message:

Store all data on the app itself, making late configuration possible.

docs/index.rst, after:

Welcome to Flask-KVsession's documentation!
===========================================
Flask-KVSession is a drop-in replacement for `Flask
<http://flask.pocoo.org>`_'s signed cookie-based session management. Instead of
storing data on the client, only a securely generated ID is stored on the
client, while the actual session data resides on the server.

This has two major advantages:

* Clients no longer see the session information
* It is possible to securely destroy sessions. Even if the session cookie is
  stolen, it is no longer possible to use the session.

Other things are possible with server side session that are impossible with
clients side sessions, like inspecting and manipulating data in absence of the
client. The drawback is that sessions need to be stored. Flask-KVSession uses
the `simplekv <http://github.com/mbr/simplekv>`_-package for storing session
data on a variety of backends.

Integration with Flask is seamless, once the extension is loaded for a Flask
application, it transparently replaces (or rather, extends) Flask's own Session
class for this instance. Any application working with sessions should work the
same with Flask-KVSession.

Example use
-----------
.. code-block:: python

   from flask import Flask
   from simplekv.fs import FilesystemStore
   from flaskext.kvsession import KVSessionExtension

   # The process running Flask needs write access to this directory:
   sessions_directory = '/tmp/flask-sessions'
   store = FilesystemStore(sessions_directory)

   app = Flask(__name__)

   # this will replace the app's session handling
   KVSessionExtension(store, app)

The snippet above will activate KVSession, from now on all session data will be
stored in the :class:`~simplekv.KeyValueStore` supplied to the
:class:`~flaskext.kvsession.KVSessionExtension` constructor.

Configuration
-------------
The following flask configuration values are honored by
:class:`~flaskext.kvsession.KVSessionExtension` and
:class:`~flaskext.kvsession.KVSession`:

.. tabularcolumns:: |p{6.5cm}|p{8.5cm}|

============================== ================================================
``SESSION_KEY_BITS``           The size of the random integer to be used when
                               generating random session ids through
                               :func:`~flaskext.kvsession.generate_session_key`
                               . Defaults to 64.
``SESSION_RANDOM_SOURCE``      An object supporting
                               :func:`random.getrandbits`, used as a random
                               source by the module. Defaults to an instance of
                               :class:`random.SystemRandom`.
``PERMANENT_SESSION_LIFETIME`` When making a session permanent through
                               :data:`KVSession.permanent`, it will live this
                               long (specified by a
                               :class:`~datetime.timedelta` object).
``SECRET_KEY``                 The Flask ``SECRET_KEY`` is used to sign session
                               ids that are stored in cookies in the users
                               browser to making brute-force guessing a lot
                               harder.
``SESSION_COOKIE_NAME``        The same cookie name as Flask's default
                               session's is used for server-side sessions.
============================== ================================================

API reference
-------------
.. automodule:: flaskext.kvsession
   :members:


Changes
-------

Version 0.4
~~~~~~~~~~~
  - No context is store in the KVSessionExtension anymore. Instead, all data
    (including a refence to the actual store) are attached to the application.

    This means that a single KVSessionExtension can be used with multiple apps,
    if so desired, each with its own store.

  - Now requires Flask version >= 0.8, obsoleting some legacy version
    workarounds.

Version 0.3.2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Hotfix: Calling session.regenerate() on the first request should no longer
    cause an exception.

Version 0.3.1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Hotfix: Create empty KVSessions instead of NullSessions when a session is
    invalid or missing.

Version 0.3
~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Use pickle insteaed of json as the serialization method.
  - First occurence of changelog in docs.

Version 0.2
~~~~~~~~~~~
  - Complete rewrite.
